[IMP] MRP: Backorders Shop Floor workflow (#7100)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/management/manufacturing_backorders.rst

If only some of the remaining units are manufactured immediately, create another backorder for the
remainder by following the steps detailed in this section.

Create a backorder in Shop Floor
================================

Backorders for manufacturing orders can also be created from the *Shop Floor* module.

.. note::
   In order to use the *Shop Floor* module, the *Work Orders* setting must be enabled. To do so,

>    navigate to :guilabel:`Manufacturing --> Configuration --> Settings`, enable the :guilabel:`Work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   navigate to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Configuration --> Settings`, enable the :guilabel:`Work
```

>    In order to use the *Shop Floor* module, the *Work Orders* setting must be enabled. To do so,
>    navigate to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Configuration --> Settings`, enable the
>    :guilabel:`Work Orders` checkbox, and then click :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   In order to use the *Shop Floor* module, the *Work Orders* setting **must** be enabled.
   
   To do so, navigate to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Configuration --> Settings`, enable the
   :guilabel:`Work Orders` checkbox, and click :guilabel:`Save`.
```

To create a backorder from the *Shop Floor* module, begin by navigating to
:menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`. Select an |MO| for multiple
units of a product, for which a backorder needs to be created.

On the |MO|, select the :guilabel:`Work Orders` tab, and then click the :guilabel:`Open Work Order

> (square with arrow coming out of it)` button on the line of the work order to be processed. On the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
(external link icon)` button on the line of the work order to be processed. On the
```

resulting :guilabel:`Work Orders` pop-up window, click the :guilabel:`Open Shop Floor` button to
open the *Shop Floor* module.

When accessed from a specific work order, the *Shop Floor* module opens to the page for the work

> center where the order is configured to be processed, and isolates the work order's card so that no
> other cards are shown.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
center where the order is configured to be processed, and isolates the work order's card, so no
other cards are shown.
```

Complete the steps on the work order's card until the :guilabel:`Register Production` step is
reached, and then click on it to open the :guilabel:`Register Production` pop-up window.

.. important::

>    Do not click the :guilabel:`# Units` button on the right side of the step. Doing so will

Reviewer: To emphasize
```suggestion
   Do **not** click the :guilabel:`# Units` button on the right side of the step. Doing so will
```

>    Do **not** click the :guilabel:`# Units` button on the right side of the step. Doing so will
>    automatically register the full amount of units as having been produced.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Do **not** click the :guilabel:`# Units` button on the right side of the step. Doing so
   automatically registers the full amount of units as having been produced.
```

On the :guilabel:`Register Production` pop-up window, enter the number of units produced in the

> :guilabel:`Quantity` field. Make sure that the number entered is less than the number of units
> listed to the right of the field. Then, click :guilabel:`Validate`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Quantity` field. Make sure the number entered is *less* than the number of units listed
to the right of the field. Then, click :guilabel:`Validate`.
```

.. image:: manufacturing_backorders/register-production.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Register Production pop-up window in the Shop Floor module.

> The pop-up window disappears and the :guilabel:`# Units` button on the work order's card updates to
> reflect the number of units produced, as a fraction of the number of units the |MO| was originally
> created for.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The pop-up window disappears, and the :guilabel:`# Units` button on the work order's card updates to
reflect the number of units produced, as a fraction of the number of units for which the |MO| was
originally created.
```

Next, click the :guilabel:`Mark as Done` button at the bottom-right of the work order's card. The
work order card begins to fade away. Once it disappears completely, a new work order card appears,
titled with the original |MO|'s reference number with a `-002` tag added to the end of it.

> This new reference number represents the backorder |MO|. The original |MO|'s reference number will
> now appear with a `-001` tag added to the end of it to distinguish it from the backorder |MO|.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This new reference number represents the backorder |MO|. The original |MO|'s reference number now
appears with a `-001` tag added to the end of it to distinguish it from the backorder |MO|.
```
